Hey. I'm gonna be
working late tonight,
so don't wait up.
Are those scones?
Easy, Debbie drive-thru.
Sit down and eat
with your sister.
Do you remember her?
The one who bakes you
goodies every day?
Yeah, sounds
vaguely familiar,
but I am so late.
Oh, well,
then I'll drive you.
- Uh...
- Come on.
I am seriously overdue
for some Annie time.
Annie time
is pretty awesome,
but I need my car
because I have a thing tonight.
I thought you said
you were working late.
Yeah, that "Thing"
is an acquisitions conference
in Arlington.
I know.
Thrilling stuff,
right?
You know, you've been working
past 10:00 for weeks now.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, it's fine.
Have a great day.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yield, people!
Why won't you yield?
Auggie! Wait up.
Twenty minutes late, Walker?
If I didn't know you
any better,
I'd say you
were getting cocky.
Actually, I had to drive
all the way to Capitol Hill
to lose a tail.
Seeing as I'm
only 20 minutes late,
I have good reason
to be cocky.
Probably another round
of random surveillance checks.
Was it C.I.C.?
Worse.
My sister.
Ouch.
If I can't fool
my sister,
how am I gonna fare against
F.S.B. counter-intelligence?
Nah, what you're going through
is completely normal.
When I first joined
the agency,
my brother tailed me,
he checked emails,
eavesdropped
on phone calls.
After a while,
he just stopped.
- Why'd he lose interest?
- I bought him an Xbox.
I don't think that's
gonna work with my sister.
Meh.
What's Arthur doing
in the D.P.D.?
If Arthur's in here,
it's either bad news
or really bad news.
He's walking with Joan
up to her office.
- Huh.
- Morning.
I'm afraid I'm here
under unfortunate circumstances.
Two days ago,
an active C.I.A. case officer,
codename Moonlight,
was killed in the line of duty.
The loss of life
for any public servant
is tragic,
but at the agency,
it is the rarest of events.
In the last 65 years,
the U.S. Armed Forces
have lost 101,712 lives,
law enforcement,
10,635,
C.I.A., 103.
The number lost
on U.S. soil, 4.
Those with "Need to know"
will be looped in further.
Until then,
all I can say is
we've lost
a good operative.
I've never seen it
so quiet in here.
If they can get
to one of us,
it means they
can get to any of us.
Annie...
A word?
I have something
very difficult to tell you.
The operative
who was killed,
he was someone
you knew.
That's impossible.
Every covert operative I know
is in that bullpen.
Mark Ramsay?
Why do you have
a photo of my Georgetown
language professor?
Was he somehow associated
with Moonlight?
Annie,
he was Moonlight.
And you're the only one
who can help us find his killer.
♪ Covert Affairs 02x09 ♪
Sad Professor
Original Air Date on August 1, 2011
"Apple Trees and Tangerines'"
can you save me?
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪
♪ Can you save me ♪
♪ from this nothing
I've become? ♪
♪ it's just something
that I've done ♪
♪ I never meant
to cause you worry ♪
♪ don't you blame me ♪
♪ for this nothing
I've become ♪
♪ it's just something
that I've done ♪
♪ I never meant
to show you my mistakes ♪
I always thought Mark was this
bookish language professor,
and now you're saying he was
with the C.I.A. for 20 years.
His NOC gave him
unparalleled access.
He taught all over the world--
Lomonosov, The Sorbonne,
E.T.H. Zurich.
He recruited some of the
agency's most valuable assets,
who still pay dividends
to this day.
The last time
I saw Mark,
he begged me not
to join the agency.
Why would he do that
if he was an operative?
Maybe he was pushing you
to test your resolve.
Ramsay was tracking
a local spy ring,
a Pakistani
state-sponsored group
called Lashkar-e-Taiba.
We think he
got too close,
and his contact inside
turned on him.
What does his wife have
to do with this?
Mark was making monthly drops
of his findings
but was killed before
he could make his last one.
We think that intel
held the identity
of the entire
Lashkar spy ring,
and we need you to leverage
your relationship with Safia
in order to find it.
You want me to go to the house
of a grieving widow
whose husband
was just murdered
and ask her where
the classified documents
are hidden?
If only it were that simple.
You can't mention
the C.I.A.
Safia didn't know Mark
was with the Agency?
How is that possible?
Have you told
your sister?
If Mark didn't
tell his wife,
it's not our place
to either.
You're to go to Safia
under the guise
of paying
your respects.
We don't have time
for a slow-burn approach.
Annie should just lay
her cards on the table
and read Safia in.
Okay.
So just tell Safia
the truth
and get her permission
to bring everything back
to Langley for inspection.
I just heard.
I am so sorry.
It still
doesn't seem real.
That your professor died,
or that he was C.I.A.?
- Both, I guess.
- Huh.
And now I have to
go tell Safia
that he spent
their entire marriage
living a lie?
It's like delivering
the message your husband died
all over again.
What's that?
I thought you could use
some cheering up,
so I bought you
a Zeiss A1 Axio
with phase contrast
and a digital camera adapter.
- Fantastic.
- Mm-hmm.
I still don't know
what you're talking about.
- It's a microscope.
- Mm-hmm.
And we're gonna
use this baby
to interpret Ramsay's
intel transmission.
Now, what Robert should be
showing you right now
is a microdot.
I remember reading
about those at the farm.
Full-size documents
shrunk to a single period.
Put one on
a normal-looking document
and they're
impossible to find.
But if you know
where to look...
Is it working?
Do you see anything?
Yeah.
It's amazing.
Good. Wasn't sure
how it was gonna play out.
I thought we stopped using
these after World War II.
Yeah, well, Ramsay
was an old-school spy.
Sometimes
the lo-fi approach
is the best way
to stay under the radar.
Great.
So all I have to do
is scour the house
of a college professor,
looking for a single
millimeter-sized period
on a normal-looking
document.
Yeah, it's like finding
a needle in a haystack
in a forest full of haystacks.
Yeah.
Ironically, I have
about as much chance
of finding it
as you do.
Oh, come on,
that's funny 'cause...
Sorry. I was...
Still thinking about
breaking the news to Safia.
I've never read
someone in before.
Is there C.I.A. protocol
for how to do it?
No. There are
as many approaches
as there are personalities
in the Agency.
The important thing
is to be direct
and definitive.
They were married
for 15 years, Auggie.
This is
gonna shatter her.
It'll be easier
coming from a friend.
It would've been easier
coming from her husband.
♪ ♪
Is this the...
Rachmaninoff was the bane
of my existence in grad school.
The man had hands
the size of shovels.
It hardly seemed fair.
Annie.
It's been far too long.
I'm so sorry
about Mark.
Inna lillahi wa inna
ilayhi raji'un.
Mark always said
you were his star student.
He did love Callas,
didn't he.
Come. We'll
put them in water.
You're sure you're okay having
so many people over so soon?
Mark's students
were his passion.
I can't think of a better way
to celebrate his life
than having everyone over
for good food
and good conversation, eh?
Actually, there is something
I wanted to talk to you about.
The lamb.
Mark was always
the cook,
but I'm making do.
He learned to make
this lamb biryani dish
to impress me
when we were first dating.
I didn't have the heart
to tell him I preferred
burgers and fries.
- Mmm.
- Little dry?
- It's delicious.
- Huh?
Can I have
a glass of water?
Of course.
Would you...
Pardon me
for a moment, please?
Sure.
You must've tried
the lamb.
How can something
be both...
Cold and burnt
at the same time?
I know. Clearly you
haven't been here
the past two days.
Is she really okay?
She seems in
awfully good spirits
for all
she's been through.
Well, she hasn't slept
or left the house
since Mark was killed.
I knew something
didn't seem right.
Actually, it's a totally
normal defense mechanism
according to
the Kubler-Ross grief model.
Although there is some
convincing scholarship
out of Yale disputing their
classical five stages theory.
Fascinating. Would you, uh,
excuse me for just a second?
All right.
Could I--could I talk to you
for a second in private?
It's about Mark.
Stay for lunch.
After everybody leaves,
we'll have time to talk.
- Mm.
- But first...
We feast on lamb.
I'll never forget
my father's face
when they first met.
You have to understand,
for a traditional Pakistani,
there's only one sin worse
than marrying an American.
Marrying
an African-American?
Exactly.
But when Mark
broke out in fluent Urdu
and named
the starting midfield
of the Pakistani
Football Federation,
dad was sold.
So how much longer
do we have to walk
before you show me
what's in that envelope?
This is hard.
Sorry.
What--what is this?
- It's a commendation record.
- Yes, I can see that.
But why does it say
"Central Intelligence Agency"
on the top?
Because Mark was
an undercover
C.I.A. operative.
For 20 years.
I work for the C.I.A.
as well.
That's what
I came here to say.
Safia, wait.
Please let me explain.
Nothing to explain.
Mark was no spy.
His idea of danger was a jacket
without elbow patches.
I know how you're feeling.
This was a shock for me too.
With respect, you don't
have the slightest idea
what I'm feeling.
And yet somehow
you feel entitled
to come out here,
make up some absurd fabrication,
and try to flip
my life upside down.
Please...
Just go home.
Come on.
We gotta go now!
Nice work clocking
the license plate.
Jai's running it now.
It's definitely Lashkar.
They're trying to
eliminate Ramsay's intel
before we find it.
How's Safia
handling everything?
I don't think this is
quite the way she envisioned
her day going.
Are the movers
really necessary?
They're
absolutely necessary.
It's standard procedure
when any officer dies
to scour every inch of his life
and reconstruct loose ends.
We need to find
that microdot.
No stone goes unturned.
Two armed Lashkar militants
are after that intel
and are willing
to kill for it.
Whatever leeway time
we thought we had,
we obviously don't.
Stay on 'em.
Ma'am, I told you,
we have orders
to take everything
back to Langley.
Annie, tell him he
can't take my instruments.
That was my grandfather's
concert violin!
Don't worry.
We'll put everything back
exactly how we found it.
Guys, why don't you
take five?
What's this all about?
These men are looking
for information
to identify Mark's killer--
Not the movers.
The thugs who shot at us.
Are they the ones
who murdered Mark?
We still don't know.
We think so.
So it's true.
He was a C.I.A. Agent.
I went to his office.
I sat in
on his classes.
So that was all fake?
Mark's job
at Georgetown was real.
And when he taught abroad,
that was real too.
I still think of him
as my professor.
But he was also
recruiting assets,
and spying on
foreign nationals,
and sending that information
back to Langley.
That's when
he should've told me.
I would've understood.
I'm sure there were
a million times
he wanted to,
but it's hard to find
the right moment.
And the longer you wait,
the harder it gets.
So instead he just
came home every night,
looked me in the eye,
and lied to me.
Compartmentalizing
is the only way
that some operatives
can cope.
If anything, I'm sure
he was trying to protect you
from danger.
Safia, we need
to start talking about
a safe place
for you to stay.
No. You've taken enough
from me already.
I'm not leaving.
Annie.
We found this behind
a false wall in the closet.
It looks like
a safety deposit box key.
Do you know anything
about that?
Mm-mm.
How is it you guys
didn't even know about this box?
Spies are
secretive people.
Home vaults, bank boxes,
safe houses...
Anything to keep sensitive intel
out of the wrong hands.
Doesn't it get tiring,
keeping all these secrets?
Sometimes.
Please take as much time
as you need.
Thank you.
What is that?
It's a microdot kit.
Mark used this to create
his intelligence transmissions.
Oh, my God.
Look at all this stuff.
These--these
are postcards from...
Every city
we've ever visited--
Athens, Shanghai...
Lisbon.
Summers in Maine.
I can't believe
he kept all these.
Mark's wedding vows.
He was so nervous
that day.
He could wax eloquent in front
of a packed lecture hall,
but when he read these...
His voice trembled.
I'm so sorry.
I have to take all this
back to Langley.
We will get it
back to you
the moment
we are done with it.
No, it's okay.
I understand.
Okay.
What's the word
from the embassy?
I'm compiling a briefing
for Arthur right now.
Maybe you can brief
your boss first.
Islamabad's
in full denial mode.
They claim they shut down
all militant groups.
According to
the Pakistani government,
Lashkar doesn't exist.
Huh. Trying telling
Safia Ramsay that.
And what do we
have on the car?
The Chrysler?
The car was a rental.
We traced payment back to
the Pakistani Welfare Agency.
Well, that's right out
of the playbook, isn't it,
using a charitable organization
as a front.
"Give us money
for food aid,
and we'll use it
to buy guns."
And what do we have
on the P.W.A.?
Small D.C.-based office.
Pakistan desk's
been monitoring their activities
since the 26/11
Mumbai attacks.
I have full dossiers
on every employee.
Oh, we've got
a lot of options here.
Rubina Jafari.
Personal secretary to the C.E.O.
Young, single.
Jai, think you
can find an in?
I don't think
that'll be a problem.
There's baked Alaska
in the freezer.
But I experimented
a little bit.
It's a little too baked,
not quite enough Alaska.
What are you
still doing up?
Watching the coverage
of this horrible shooting
in Georgetown.
They say it's
a gang initiation.
Can you imagine?
And I drove past
that corner last week.
Uh, I'm sure the cops
are on top of it.
They usually--
they usually get
those guys.
But you know what? They said
he was a language professor
at Georgetown.
Did you have him?
He was my advisor,
actually.
You mean, someone
you know was killed...
And you didn't tell me?
- It was a busy day.
- "Busy day" gets you out of
not calling your niece
on her 3/4 birthday,
not out of telling me
your--your friend was killed.
Sorry.
Can we just drop it?
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, I should be
more sympathetic.
I can't imagine how hard
this must be for you.
Uh...
Thanks.
For the record,
that was, um--
it's just
the right amount of Alaska.
So these are all
Ramsay's possessions?
Everything from the house,
the office, the car...
It's difficult enough finding
a document the size of a period.
But when your subject
apparently never throws away
a single book,
paper, or receipt,
let's just say
it's been a long day.
Probably doesn't help that he
was a fan of the ellipses.
A double dash now and then
would be nice.
Barber! Status report!
Yeah, just finishing
our second pass.
What do you want us
to do next?
Third pass.
You see, people?
It's just like I told you
an hour ago.
We're going to have
to do another pass.
Where do you think
the microdot is?
Maybe the guys
that ransacked his place
got to it first.
Maybe he kept his intel
somewhere else.
Maybe there never was
a microdot.
I have no idea.
What about the stuff
from the safety deposit box?
Ran it all
a dozen times.
Nothing.
Wait,
something's missing.
Where are
the wedding vows?
Is she home?
No one has come or gone
since I've been here.
Okay.
Safia?
Safia, I need
those wedding vows!
So you're saying
Safia's working
with the men
who killed Mark?
She was born
three kilometers
from the Lashkar headquarters
in Muridke.
She's lived here
for 20 years.
And these militant groups
love to recruit westerners.
She's gone, Annie.
What does that tell you?
That she could be
in trouble.
Or she could be
fleeing from us.
I understand
how you're feeling.
You've just
lost a friend.
But we have to be objective,
not emotional.
It's our job.
I know this looks bad,
but you have to
trust me on this.
I know Safia.
What she and Mark had
was real love,
not some spy versus spy
espionage game.
I'm not sure you knew Mark
as well as you thought you did.
This is a paper I wrote for
Mark's Russian language class.
Where'd you get this?
Annie,
Mark was the one
who originally submitted
your name to the C.I.A.
He said you were one of
his brightest language students
and we would be foolish
not to recruit you.
So when I applied
to Langley three years ago--
You'd already been
on our radar since college.
Annie, I am not saying Safia
is definitely working
with Lashkar, but we
wouldn't be doing our job
unless we tracked her down
for questioning.
I've got a team out
looking for her now.
What are they gonna do
when they find her?
For now,
we just wanna find out
what she did
with those vows.
She isn't being accused
of a crime...Yet.
Uh, and--
and what can I do?
You need to stay on the bench
until we find her.
Is that clear?
Annie.
Yeah.
No typing,
no pages turning.
Even odds says you're staring
contemplatively into space,
pondering the great mysteries
of the Universe.
You ever wonder
why you were hired?
10,000 applications
a month.
Why'd the Agency
pick you?
I always assumed
it was for my body.
- Auggie.
- I was recruited.
There are not
a lot of guys
who can write an unbreakable
java-based daemon
and who've won their high school
state wrestling championship
two years in a row.
Why? What's on your mind?
I always thought I came
to the Agency on my own terms.
Now I find out they
had a file on me when I applied.
Annie, it's the C.I.A.
we have a file on everyone.
Had any progress
tracking down Safia?
Nothing.
Joan's authorized a trace
on her cell phone
and credit cards.
We've notified the authorities,
flagged her passport.
She's a ghost.
She cannot be a spy.
This is a woman who made me
toll house cookies.
Okay, I know what
I'm supposed to tell you
in this situation.
to let Joan run her op.
I am not supposed to tell you
to go down to the annex
and investigate
for yourself.
And I'm definitely
not supposed to tell you
that the code for the door
is 9-2-7-6-2 pound.
Smithsonian Institution.
How may I direct your call?
We have Danielle Brooks
at the Smithsonian
looking for Annie Walker.
Okay. Send her down
to the castle.
I'll be right over.
And his supervisor sent me
to the national gallery.
So I trudged all the way
across the mall,
waited there
another 20 minutes,
and then was told
I had to come back here
where I started
two hours ago!
And who are you
looking for again?
Annie...Walker!
That was
the first thing I said.
Auggie Anderson?
Danielle Brooks.
You gave my daughter's
third-grade class
the most amazing tour.
Right! Yeah, sure.
Annie Walker's sister. Hey.
Yeah, actually I feel
more like Annie Walker's
casual acquaintance.
Can't even find my sister
in her office.
Yeah, the bureaucracy
around here is crazy.
Unfortunately,
Annie's out of the office.
She has an
acquisitions conference.
Oh, no, she said
that was yesterday.
It's a week-long thing.
It's a big deal around here.
It's kind of like
our Fashion Week.
I tell you what.
Can I buy you one
of the Smithsonian's
famously bad cups
of coffee?
That sounds wonderful.
At least someone
around here is helpful.
Follow me.
You know it's bad luck
to read in a bar, don't you?
You're wasting
your time.
I have a rule against
dating Indian men.
Fine.
If you ask me,
you're the one wasting time.
I mean, we both know
how the charade plays out.
Wh-where could you
possibly be going
that's more fun than this?
Everything's more fun
with champagne.
- Tech intel.
- I'm in.
Dude, are you
eating a sandwich?
They ordered Wagshals.
Whatever.
Just take me through this.
Okay, set her Bluetooth
to discoverable.
Then open "Spiral attack"
from your phone.
Enter her
I.M.E.I. number.
Then star, 7, 6,
send.
And...
We're done.
There you go.
It'll take a day
to drill down these names,
but your end
of the mission is done.
You can just go home, lucky.
Yeah.
Actually, I think
I'm gonna stick around
for a little bit.
Why? What are you--
Hello?
What'd I miss?
So you really think
I shouldn't be
worried about Annie?
Yeah, she'll be fine.
We're just in the middle
of our busy season.
Well, she's always in
the middle of a busy season.
D'you know she canceled
on Scott three times last week?
Scott, the doctor
she's been seeing?
Oh, right.
Dr. Scott.
There's a table.
Do you want to sit down?
Sure.
I'm just worried
that she's pushing
everyone
she's close to away.
Well, your concern
is completely natural.
My brother
was worried about me
when I first joined
the institution too.
The thing you have to realize
is that this isn't just a job.
It's a way of life.
The Smithsonian?
It's one of the pillars
of our country.
We are out there
on the front lines,
protecting
America's art.
Art that is
under attack.
- Who's attacking art?
- Funding cutters.
And the only thing
standing between them
and total annihilation
is the Smithsonian.
It's the first line
of defense.
Defense of the art?
Metaphorically speaking,
of course.
Look, this is
a very demanding job
for the people who work in it
and for their families,
with the long hours,
the travel, the confidentiality.
Your sister has devoted
her life to public service,
and at the end
of the day,
that's what makes it
all worthwhile.
Wow.
I had no idea so much
went into working in a museum.
Well, it's not just
a museum, Danielle.
It's the museum.
Safia?
Safia, it's Annie!
Safia!
Why are you
following me?
Why can't you just
leave me alone?
Safia.
I need you
to put the gun down.
I came here
as a friend.
You came here
to find Mark's files.
You're not a friend.
You're a spy.
Put the gun down
before you hurt us both.
You can trust me.
I don't know
who I can trust anymore.
Maybe we can work
that out together.
When you told me Mark
had this whole other life,
it made me
question everything.
I mean, I wondered whether
he ever loved me at all.
And then everything
became clear in one moment.
- The safety deposit box.
- And that's when I realized,
in spite of everything
he hid from me...
I was always
in his heart.
So you took the vows,
and you fled.
We came to North Haven
every summer.
No matter how busy we got,
this was our oasis.
That's why he didn't file
this house with the Agency.
He wanted it to be
just between you.
The last time
I saw Mark,
he told me not
to join the Agency.
I didn't understand why
until just now.
It's not easy
deceiving people,
especially
the people you love.
And Mark didn't
want me to suffer
through a lifetime
of lying.
Do you still have
those vows?
Sure.
♪ ♪
Look.
Mark was trying to transmit
that brief to the C.I.A.
He was killed before
he ever got the chance.
But why would he hide this
on our wedding vows?
He must've sensed that it
wasn't safe in the house,
so he put it in that box,
and he put it on a document
that no one
would suspect.
If anything happened to him,
he wanted the exact right person
to find it.
I think he wanted it
to be you.
We need to take this
to Langley.
Arthur.
Why am I just finding out
you re-tasked four
of my field officers
to the Ramsay investigation?
I don't get it. We've drilled
down on every assignment
Ramsay ever worked.
We vetted every asset.
What are we missing?
Don't do this.
Do what?
You are more involved
with this investigation
than I have seen you
in years.
You and Ramsay both
graduated from Annapolis.
You both cut your teeth
in the D.I.,
and by all appearances,
you seem to share
a similar taste
in historical fiction.
I think you're worried
this could've been you.
Oh, I'm not worried
about me.
I'm worried about you.
I'm worried
about our team.
This happened
in our backyard.
I'm not gonna rest
till we catch these guys.
I cross-referenced
Rubina Jafari's contacts
with Ramsay's
known associates.
Tommy Burleigh.
Studies nuclear physics
at Georgetown.
Took three language classes
with Ramsay.
He has
top-secret clearance
and access
to sensitive D.O.E. Labs.
Ideal target
for Lashkar recruitment.
Mm-hmm. And his
sizeable student loans,
suspiciously
paid off last year.
Ramsay must've sniffed out
he was selling info to Lashkar.
And Lashkar had him killed
before he could get out word.
You have to tell Annie.
I'm trying.
Her cell's out of range.
Annie, look who I found.
You met Tommy, right?
It's an awful strange
coincidence,
running into each other
on a remote island in Maine.
Yes, well,
Mark and Safia
would wax poetic about
their respites to North Haven,
so I thought I'd take
a couple of days
to clear my head.
Where's your luggage?
And your shoes
are pretty clean
for the middle
of mud season.
Tommy,
what's going on?
Please, Safia,
you have to help me.
- Hey. Hey!
- Safia, they're gonna kill me!
Annie!
Tommy must've worked
with the men who killed Mark.
What?
♪ ♪
We have to
get off this boat.
Undo that net?
There. Over there.
Run.
♪ ♪
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- You okay? You sure?
- Okay. Come on.
Ramsay's microdot confirmed
the identity and locations
of seven
Lashkar operatives.
Tommy Burleigh
and Malik Murabahti
were picked up
by the Coast Guard.
That leaves five
still at large.
Mm-hmm. So what's
the next move?
Conventional wisdom says
we slowly squeeze the lemon.
Bring all seven in, turn them,
and send them back out
to catch bigger fish.
But it's your decision.
It's my job
to support it,
so the more relevant
question is,
what do you think
is the move?
I don't think we use
killers as chess pieces.
I want them
brought to justice.
C.I.A. takes care
of its own.
Your D.P.D.,
your call.
But I'm glad
that's your call,
because that's what
I was hoping you'd say.
Today we've gathered
for our most solemn occasion--
unveiling a new star
on our wall of honor.
Each of these 103 stars
represents the memory
of a devoted
intelligence operative,
a treasured colleague,
a beloved friend.
It is our job
at the Agency
to honor these men and women by
continuing to serve the country
they gave their lives
to protect.
Case Officer Mark Ramsay
did not die in vain.
His intelligence
led directly to the capture
of seven
militant extremists,
men who posed
a significant threat
to our nation.
This is the culmination
of a distinguished career,
one marked by devotion,
sacrifice,
and patriotism.
I'm so sorry
for your loss.
The Radio Dept.'s"
Domestic Scene
♪ Domestic scene,
do I belong? ♪
I don't want that
to be Danielle.
I don't want her to be
at a star ceremony,
finding out who I really was
for the first time.
I don't wanna keep
this secret from her anymore.
Then don't.
I'm not saying
it's gonna be easy,
but she deserves
to know the truth,
just like Safia did
a long time ago.
Did you ever read
your brother in?
Eventually
I had to.
- How'd it go?
- Oh, terribly.
He didn't speak to me
for six months.
But it was still
the right thing to do,
'cause eventually
he came around,
and now we're closer
than we ever were before.
I don't think
I can go six months
without talking
to my sister.
Danielle is
a different person,
and there's no telling
how she's gonna react.
The point is,
no one on the other side
of this conversation
can ever truly be ready.
You just have
to decide if you are.
- Thanks.
- Mm-hmm.
See ya
in the morning.
Oh, hey, Walker,
one more thing.
Yeah?
When were you gonna
tell me about Dr. Scott?
Sorry. Those details
are "Need to know."
♪ I'm leaving
just in time ♪
♪ leaving just in time ♪
♪ ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org